README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
Founder of Intelligence Ghana a start up society with believe in the limitless possibilities of technology. <br>Aspired in the fields of Machine Learning Engineering & <br> Systems Automation | <br>
Am highly inspired, working 24/7 building a Revolutionary Software Startup Society where we invent the next problem solution idea.

I envision a Future where we come to discover the Hidden and Unknown Potentials of Technology and it's implications in each and every single subject of our mortal world , ranging from Poverty, Culture, healthcare, Education, Industrial, Society disasters etc.

My mission is to be apart of this great journey towards exploring and revealing the hidden potential of technology and its profound implications across all areas of life.

## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/Michael(Ubuntu)Appiah) [![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-black.svg?logo=X&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/mickekofi) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white) ![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![PowerShell](https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerShell-%235391FE.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=powershell&logoColor=white) ![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudflare-F38020?style=for-the-badge&logo=Cloudflare&logoColor=white) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Plotly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-%233F4F75.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=plotly&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mickekofi&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=mickekofi&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mickekofi&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=mickekofi&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mickekofi&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=mickekofi&icon=0&color=0)]()

  ## 💰 You can help me by Donating
  [![BuyMeACoffee](https://img.shields.io/badge/Buy%20Me%20a%20Coffee-ffdd00?style=for-the-badge&logo=buy-me-a-coffee&logoColor=black)](https://skrill.me/rq/Michael/10/USD?key=p5lBFv9nJSOikbGQ_sIeCSN8wAO)

Commit message:

Revise about me section in README
Updated the description and mission statement to reflect a clearer vision for the future of technology and its implications.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
Founder of Intelligence Ghana a Start Up Society with believe in the limitless possibilities of technology. <br> As an aspired computer scientist I envision a future where we come to discover the unknown  potentials of technology and particularly, which will lead to answers in each and every single subject of our mortal world , ranging from Poverty, Education, Health Care and Social Entropy.
<br> <br>

Am highly inspired, working 24/7 building a Revolutionary Software Startup Society where we invent the next problem solution idea.


# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white) ![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![PowerShell](https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerShell-%235391FE.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=powershell&logoColor=white) ![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudflare-F38020?style=for-the-badge&logo=Cloudflare&logoColor=white) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Plotly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-%233F4F75.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=plotly&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mickekofi&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=mickekofi&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mickekofi&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=mickekofi&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mickekofi&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=mickekofi&icon=0&color=0)]()

  ## 💰 You can help me by Donating
  [![BuyMeACoffee](https://img.shields.io/badge/Buy%20Me%20a%20Coffee-ffdd00?style=for-the-badge&logo=buy-me-a-coffee&logoColor=black)](https://skrill.me/rq/Michael/10/USD?key=p5lBFv9nJSOikbGQ_sIeCSN8wAO)
